+++
title = "1.Element"
+++

# Preface: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Being Retar<sup>[1]</sup>

Dear `reader` in the future,

There's a thing called `education` back in 2025 that trying to produce brilliant `people` (*Homo Sapiens*) by showing them `knowledge` in some way and filter them by `test` to get a bunch of so-called `genius` to lead their way of thinking and producing more `knowledge` for future `education`, and those who's unable to complete this process for any reasons are called `retards` which means `person` with `intellectual impairment`.

Actually, many of those `retard` `people` has a normal functioning `brain`, but stucked from getting knowledge because of various reasons like can't remember things, can't parse complex grammar, or lack of imagination for abstract expression and totally gave up learning.

There's another thing widely used in 2025's `geek` community, which is composed by random `people` doing `genius`'s work: `RTFM` (*Read The Fucking Manual*), by letting people figure out what to do according to the existing materials.

The approach of this course is not to create london-taxi-drivery<sup></sup> `people` to storage every name and sentence of definition for all problems they could face in their future intellectual activities.

> <span style="color: #82aaff;">** P.S**</span>
>
> They have a ridiculously huge `hippocampus` (The part of brain that functioning as the encoder/decoder to write long-term memories into your brain), and the ultimate form of this horrifying memory is actually called `Savant Syndrome` which has ultra strong memory and usually come with autism and `intellectual impairment`, which is way more close to the real definition of retard.

Instead of using and `test`ing the `brain` as a storage media, I wanna develop a systematic `logic` structure for any `people` with a functioning brain or equivalent system to correctly understand and use any part of the current `logic` within the scope of human knowledge based on minimum prior `logic`, and hopefully for anyone seriously read and think that way, they can jump up from their seat and say:

"Mein Führer! I can think!"<sup>[1]</sup>

Best wishies,

Sol

Jul 5, 2025

## Reference:

[1] Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb. Directed by Stanley Kubrick, Columbia Pictures, 1964.
